Getting started
===============

Installing HBase
----------------

We found the cloudera distribution to be the easiest way to get started. If you run Ubuntu, Debian or RedHat, the package are integrated with apt-get and yum. However, desptite respecting the Unix conventions, we found the installation quite inconvient, having constantly to search for config, bin, data files all dispatched over the filesystem. For this reason, we usually download the packages from `http://archive.cloudera.com/cdh/3/` and install each of them manually.

Starting HBase
--------------

It seems like Stargate took the place of the old REST namespace. However, i need confirmation on this one. So if i'm right, assuming `${HBASE_HOME}/bin` is in your classpath, starting Hbase with REST connector is as follow:

	start-hbase.sh
	hbase-daemon.sh start rest

And stoping:

	hbase-daemon.sh stop rest
	stop-hbase.sh
Or
	ps ax | grep hbase | awk '{print $1}' | xargs kill -9

Installing node-hbase
---------------------

You can get the source code from GitHub with the git command `git clone http://github.com/wdavidw/node-hbase.git` and place it inside your project. 
Then, simply copy or link the lib/csv.js file into your $HOME/.node_libraries folder or inside a declared path folder.

Node-hbase is also integrated to npm and can be installed with

	npm install hbase

Creating a new instance
-----------------------

	var HBase = require('hbase');
	var client = hbase({
		host: '127.0.0.1',
		port: 8080
	});

Or

	var HBase = require('hbase').HBase;
	var hbase = new HBase({
		host: '127.0.0.1',
		port: 8080
	});