
Connection: Connecting to an HBase server
=========================================

Creating a new client
---------------------

A new instance of "Hbase" may be instantiated with an object containing the following properties:

-   *host*
	string, optional, default to "localhost"
	Domain or IP of the HBase Stargate server
-   *port*
	string or int, optional, default to "8080"
	Port of the HBase REST server

Calling the `hbase` method return an initialized client object.

	var hbase = require('hbase');
	var client = hbase({ /*options*/ });

You can also manually contruct a new instance as follow:

	var hbase = require('hbase');
	var client = new hbase.HBase({ /*options*/ });

Creating a new connection
-------------------------

The most common way of initializing a new connection object is through the client object. When a new client is constructed, it create and hold a connection object.

	var client = hbase({ /*options*/ });
	assert.ok(client.connection instanceof hbase.Connection);

You can also manually contruct a new instance as follow:

	var connection = new hbase.Connection( client );

HTTP Get requests
-----------------

	myConnection.get(command, callback, [status])

Execute an HTTP Get request. The callback contains 3 arguments: the error object if any, the decoded response body and the Node `http.ClientResponse` object.

	(new Connection({}))
	.get('http://localhost:8080/', function(error, data, response){
		if(error){
			process.exit(1);
		}
		console.log('Status code: ' + response.statusCode);
		console.log('Number of tables: ' + tables.length);
	});

Note
----

At this point, the HTTP client only communicate to HBase with the JSON format. Some valid requests requests return an empty body which of course not a valid JSON. In such cases, no error is thrown by the response handler but the returned value is null.
