Row operations: Create, update and list table rows in HBase
===========================================================

Those operations are handled by the class "PopHbaseTable" which can be retrieved from an instance of "PopHbase" through the "tables" property.

Grab an instance of "Row"
-------------------------

	var myRow = hbase({}).getRow('my_table','my_row');

Or

	var myRow = hbase({}).getTable('my_table').getRow('my_row');

Or

	var client = new hbase.Hbase({});
	var myRow = new hbase.Table(client, 'my_table', 'my_row');

Retrieve a column value from HBase
----------------------------------

	myRow.get([column], [callback])

Column is optional and corresponds to a column family optionnally followed by a column name separated with a column (":").

Callback is required and receive two arguments, an error object if any and the column value.

	hbase()
	.getRow('my_table','my_row')
	.get('my_column_family', function(error, value){
		console.log(value);
	});

Print something like

	[ { column: 'my_column_family:'
	  , timestamp: 1285942722246
	  , '$': 'my value 1'
	  }
	, { column: 'my_column_family:'
	  , timestamp: 1285942705504
	  , '$': 'my value 2'
	  }
	, { column: 'my_column_family:my_column'
	  , timestamp: 1285942515955
	  , '$': 'my value 3'
	  }
	]

Attempting to retrieve a column which does not exist in HBase will return a null value and an error whose code property is set to 404.

	hbase()
	.getRow('my_table','my_row')
	.get('my_column_family:my_column', function(error, value){
		assert.strictEqual(404, error.code);
		assert.strictEqual(null, value);
	});

Insert and update column values
-------------------------------

	myRow.put(column, data, [callback])

Column is required and corresponds to a column family optionnally followed by a column name separated with a column (":").

Callback is optional and receive two arguments, an error object if any and a boolean indicating whether the column was inserted/updated or not.

	hbase()
	.getRow('my_table','my_row')
	.put('my_column_family:my_column', 'my value', function(error, success){
		assert.strictEqual(true, success);
	});

Test if a row or a column exists
--------------------------------

	myRow.exists([column], [callback])

Column is optional and corresponds to a column family optionnally followed by a column name separated with a column (":").

Callback is required and receive two arguments, an error object if any and a boolean indicating whether the column exists or not.

Exemple to see if a row exists:

	hbase()
	.getRow('my_table','my_row')
	.exists(function(error, exists){
		assert.strictEqual(true, exists);
	});

Exemple to see if a column exists:

	hbase()
	.getRow('my_table','my_row')
	.exists('my_column_family:my_column', function(error, exists){
		assert.strictEqual(true, exists);
	});

Delete a row or a column
------------------------

	myRow.exists([column], [callback])

Column is optional and corresponds to a column family optionnally followed by a column name separated with a column (":").

Callback is required and receive two arguments, an error object if any and a boolean indicating whether the column exists or not.

Exemple to delete a row:

	hbase()
	.getRow('my_table','my_row')
	.delete(function(error, success){
		assert.strictEqual(true, success);
	});

Exemple to delete a column:

	hbase()
	.getRow('my_table','my_row')
	.delete('my_column_family:my_column', function(error, success){
		assert.strictEqual(true, success);
	});
