
Scanner operations
==================

Scanner are the most efficient way to retrieve multiple rows and columns from HBase.

Grab an instance of "Scanner"
-----------------------------

	var myScanner = hbase({}).getScanner('my_table');
	var myScanner = hbase({}).getScanner('my_table','my_id');

Or

	var myScanner = hbase({}).getTable('my_table').getScanner();
	var myScanner = hbase({}).getTable('my_table').getScanner('my_id');

Or

	var client = new hbase.Client({});
	var myScanner = new hbase.Scanner(client, 'my_table');
	var myScanner = new hbase.Scanner(client, 'my_table', 'my_id');

Create a new scanner
--------------------

	myScanner.create([params], [callback])

Params is an object for which all properties are optional. The following properties are available:

-   startRow: First row returned by the scanner
-   endRow: Row stopping the scanner, not returned by the scanner
-   columns: Filter the scanner by columns (a string or an array of columns)
-   batch: Number of cells returned on each iteration
-   startTime
-   endTime
-   filter: see below for more informations

Scanning records
----------------

	myScanner.get(callback)

Retrieve the next cells from HBase. The callback is required and receive two arguments, an error object if any and a array of cells or null if the scanner is exhausted.

The number of cells depends on the `batch` option. It is your responsibity to call `get` as long as more cells are expected.
	
	var callback = function(error, cells){
		assert.ifError(error);
		if(cells){
			// do something
			console.log(cells);
			// call the next iteration
			myScanner.get(callback)
		}else{
			// no more cells to iterate
		}
	}
	myScanner.get(callback);

Note, this is not very pretty. Alternatively, you could make use of the scanner function `continue` inside your callback to trigger a new iteration. Here's how:
	
	myScanner.get(function(error, cells){
		assert.ifError(error);
		if(cells){
			// do something
			console.log(cells);
			// call the next iteration
			this.continue()
		}else{
			// no more cells to iterate
			// delete the scanner
			this.delete();
		}
	});

Delete a scanner
----------------

	myScanner.delete([callback])

Callback is optionnal and receive two arguments, an error object if any and a boolean indicating whether the scanner was removed or not.

Using filter
------------

Filter are defined during the scanner creation. If you are familiar with HBase filters, it will be real easy to use them. Note, you should not worry about encoding the values, the library will do it for you. When you create a new scanner, just associate the `filter` property with your filter object. All filters are supported.

Many exemples are available in the tests but here\'s one wich returns all rows starting by "my_key_" and whose value is "here you are".

	myScanner.create({
	  filter: {
		"op":"MUST_PASS_ALL","type":"FilterList","filters":[{
		    "op":"EQUAL",
		    "type":"RowFilter",
		    "comparator":{"value":"my_key_.+","type":"RegexStringComparator"}
		  },{
		    "op":"EQUAL",
		    "type":"ValueFilter",
		    "comparator":{"value":"here you are","type":"BinaryComparator"}
		  }
		]}
	}, function(error, cells){
	  assert.ifError(error);
	});

